Fro the unencrypted TCP transport, I use std::net::Tcpstream which is the official tool to deal with Tcp in Rust. However, there is no TLS encryption library in the standard library. Therefore, I found the crate called "rustls" which is widely used to deal with TLS encryted transport and works well with the Tcpstream. Basically, Tcpstream is wrapped inside the Stream struct in "rustls" so we can do the read and write normally to the Stream and "rustls" will take care of the encryption part. Fro the JSON parsing tool, I use the crate "serde_json". The crate itself is very easy to use. However, I still bumped into some formatting issues like some line breaker hidden inside the JSON text. Fortunately, I managed to figure it out and was able to receive the correct message.

For the guessing strategy, I use a Vector to store all the words in the word list at the beginning. For each retry message I received, I use a char array to store the correct letter with correct position (where the mark of this letter is 2) and I use a HashSet to store the correct letter with incorrect position (where the mark of this letter is 1) at the same time. Before I randomly pick a word from the word pool for the next guess, I use the crate called "regex" (which is a Regular Expression library) to filter out the words that didn't match the char array pattern. Also, if the word didn't contain the correct letter stored in the HashSet, it got removed from the pool. With this mechanism, we can get rid of all the invalid words before we take a next guess, which utilizes the information provide by the latest mark to the highest degree.

Overall, using Rust to build this project is kind of challenging due to the borrow checker and the ownership issues I encountered. However, it's fun to learn a new language with a real practice, and this project help me a lot to get more familiar with both Rust and Tcp.